# Playstation-3-BootLdr-Keys
This page is a mirror of the former content of http://www.geohot.com/ as at 26 January 2011, removed following a Sony lawsuit. All content outside of the black areas is from George Hotz, not me. His original site now contains details of the unjust lawsuit against him, which was settled on 11 April 2011.  NEW 2012-10-25! Here is the announcement by The Three Musketeers on 22 October 2012 of their leak of the PlayStation 3 bootldr keys.  UPDATED 2012-10-25! The first binary download site for Mr Wicked's SACD Ripper. This is what PS3 homebrew is all about: using the PS3 for legitimate purposes that Sony would never allow – format-shifting from the dying SACD medium to open file formats playable on commodity PCs. Download beta version 0.21 (r275) which works stand-alone, or version 0.30 (r315) now called sacd-daemon, which works over a network with companion client software SACD Extract. You will also need a recent custom firmware such as OtherOS++ and the PS3 root keys. erk: C0 CE FE 84 C2 27 F7 5B D0 7A 7E B8 46 50 9F 93 B2 38 E7 70 DA CB 9F F4 A3 88 F8 12 48 2B E2 1B riv: 47 EE 74 54 E4 77 4C C9 B8 96 0C 7B 59 F4 C1 4D pub: C2 D4 AA F3 19 35 50 19 AF 99 D4 4E 2B 58 CA 29 25 2C 89 12 3D 11 D6 21 8F 40 B1 38 CA B2 9B 71 01 F3 AE B7 2A 97 50 19   R: 80 6E 07 8F A1 52 97 90 CE 1A AE 02 BA DD 6F AA A6 AF 74 17   n: E1 3A 7E BC 3A CC EB 1C B5 6C C8 60 FC AB DB 6A 04 8C 55 E1   K: BA 90 55 91 68 61 B9 77 ED CB ED 92 00 50 92 F6 6C 7A 3D 8D  Da: C5 B2 BF A1 A4 13 DD 16 F2 6D 31 C0 F2 ED 47 20 DC FB 06 70  ~geohot  props to fail0verflow for the asymmetric half no donate link, just use this info wisely i do not condone piracy  if you want your next console to be secure, get in touch with me. any of you 3. it'd be fun to be on the other side.  ...and this is a real self, hello world although it's not NPDRM, so it won't run off the hard drive shouts to the guys who did PSL1GHT without you, I couldn't release this  first piece of homebrew you can run put in service mode, put on usb stick, boot [1]  I made a video [2]  it's jailbreak time open the zip, you know how to install 3.55 only would be pirates, don't waste your time do not mirror file, link to geohot.com [3] no donations accepted right now, don't get scammed  homebrew signing tools and source [4] make_self_npdrm makes valid NPDRM selfs from elfs it does not contain any info on decrypting or removing NPDRM NPDRM is required for interoperability of our homebrew applications package_finalize turns your debug packages into psuedoretail packages psuedoretail packages install on a geohot jailbroken PS3  i'm excited to see what you will create open source SDK @ PSL1GHT  [1] This grey text is from an earlier version of the Web site, as at 4 January. Although it shows George in a less favourable light, it is important because Sony has used it against him in their lawsuit.  [2] The YouTube video link, which is now private, has been replaced with another YouTube user's copy, and for good measure we have a local copy too.  [3] Actually do mirror widely... but be careful.  [4] The github repository linked from the original page is down; so the "source" link now goes to a fork of it. A zipfile of that repository is also available just in case. The greyed-out tools link was only online for a few days, between about 8 and 11 January.  To contact me (not geohot), email wdnqg3ehh3hvalpe at tormail.net* (easy to remember, as it's the same as the hostname of this site). My Bitcoin address for donations is 1C9KqYU8DC3dCfKPctT3RdcbGJpx6abYKn.  * As at 4 August 2013, tormail has been compromised and is down.
